Data Structures

    Some Data Structures include:
        .Binary Search Trees
        .Queues
        .Singly Linked lists
        .Undirected Unweighted Graphs
        .Binary Heaps
        .Directed Graphs
        .Hash Tables
        .Doubly Linked lists
        .Stacks


    What Do They Do?
        - Data Structures are collections of values, the relationships among them, and the functions or operations that can be applied to the data
        - All Data structures essentially do the same thing -- Which is Store Data -- However their behavior, the relationships between the data, their functionality, and the methods you get to act upon them are all very different


    Why Are There So Many Data Structures?
        - Different data structures excel at different things. Some are highly specialized, while others (like arrays) are more generally used.



    Why Care? 
        - The more time you spend as a developer, the more likely you'll need to use one of these data structures.
                . Usually there is a time in every developer's life when using an array for every single possible problem just doesn't cut it.

                . You might need something more efficient

                . You might need something to express a different relationship

                . You might be working with more complicated data that isn't linear and you need another way of storing it
                . Interviews!



    You've probably worked with many different data structures unknowingly!
            - Javascript DOM (tree)



    There is no one "BEST" Data Structure
        . They all excel in different situations
        
            - Working with map/location data?
                . Use a graph!

            - Need an ordered list with fast inserts/removals at the beginning and end?
                . Use a linked list!

            - Web scraping nested HTML?
                . Use a tree

            - Need to write a scheduler?
                . Use a binary heap

